Do not apply force_swift_local_debug_options transition. (#133)
bazel-ios/rules_ios: README.md

See the [tests](https://github.com/bazel-ios/rules_ios/tree/master/tests)
directory for sample applications.

## Special notes about debugging xcode projects

> Note that when generating xcodeprojects, it is necessary to supply the `--//rules:local_debug_options_enabled` so that debugging of swift files will work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when generating Xcode projects, it is necessary to supply the `--//rules:local_debug_options_enabled` so that debugging of swift files will work.
```

also, should include the repository in the flag name
